I
you're going to see Harold I'm going to
okay I've gotta ask him myself what he
was trying to do and why this happened
who goes there who are you he's
this is hell
my name is through
but you're nothing but a piece of rock
you're responsible for the cursed wave
are you all right and fix this thing the
passage of time is irreversible
or death now only these two choices
risen what what I'm saying why why why
why or the child of light Emma's
daughter my daughter just a little warm
it's not use this guy is totally gone
aura I have something I want to ask you
you said that I shouldn't fight cobia
but why is the shadows when there is
light burning in the darkest shadows
when the bracelet appearance world who
Pia was born as well the price of
inquiry are the opposite sides of the
same coin therefore we're here if you
defeat Kubiak the bracelet will be
destroyed cobia must have already known
that and that's why you kept running
away copia will no longer run away
because because I have finally been
released what do you mean massive data
believed to be the way is heading in
your direction that's the last one
destroy it travel take this to heart
heart it is darkest before the dawn run
away it is not too late will be feed it
this no it's not